1. What is a compound assignment operator? How does it work?

A compound assignment operator has a shorter syntax to assign the result. The operation is performed on the two operands before the result is assigned to the first operand.


2. List all the compound assignment operators.

+=
*=
/=
%=
-+
bitwise
leftwise


3. List two ways to increment a numeric variable by 5. List two ways to decrement a numeric variable by 50.

variable = variable + 5
variable += 5
variable = variables - 50
variable -=50


4. How long does a while loop run?

until a condition returns false or you run out of memory

5. What is an iteratiion variable? (Not in book)

The iterator variable is the variable which stores a portion of the iterable when the for loop is being executed. Each time the loop iterates, the value of the iterator variable will change to a different portion of the iterable.

it counts the the variable each time it iterates

6. What happens if you don't change the loop variable in the body of the while loop block?

the loop will go in forever 

7. How many parts does a for loop statement have? Can you omit any of them? Can you omit all of them? What happens if you omit all of them?

There are 3 parts to a for loop statement.
for (initialization; Boolean expression; update control variable)
statement

you can omit any 3 parts If you omit the Boolean expression, it defaults to true. If you omit the initialization and update parts, you have a strangely spelled while loop:

8. How do you guarantee that a loop runs at least once?

you use a do while loop

9. What does the break statement do?

The break statement allows you to jump out of the body of an iteration


10. What does the continue statement do?

the continue statement causes the program to perform the
next iteration of the loop immediately (after reevaluating the Boolean
expression)

11. (Thought question) Can you think of any reason why you would want to have an infinitenite loop? An infinite loop" is a loop without an update variable that in effect runs forever. As you will see, these kinds of loops are written intentionally to perform various kinds of tasks.

(For a web server. All Servers run like this)
